Add a guide page on credential types (#33745)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/credential_management_api/index.md

{{DefaultAPISidebar("Credential Management API")}}{{securecontext_header}}

The Credential Management API enables a website to create, store, and retrieve {{glossary("credential", "credentials")}}. A credential is an item which enables a system to make an {{glossary("authentication")}} decision: for example, to decide whether to sign a user into an account. We can think of it as a piece of evidence that a user presents to a website to demonstrate that they really are the person they are claiming to be.

## Concepts and usage

> The central interface is the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}}, which is accessed through the {{domxref("navigator.credentials")}} property, and which provides three main functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The central interface is the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}}, which is accessed through the {{domxref("navigator.credentials")}} property and provides three main functions:
```

- {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.create", "create()")}}: create a new credential.
- {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.store", "store()")}}: store a new credential locally.
- {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.get", "get()")}}: retrieve a credential, which can then be used to log a user in.

The API supports four different types of credential, which are all represented as subclasses of {{domxref("Credential")}}:

- **Passwords** ({{domxref("PasswordCredential")}})

> - **Federated identity credentials**, which include:
>   - a legacy type ({{domxref("FederatedCredential")}})
>   - a replacement type ({{domxref("IdentityCredential")}})

Reviewer 2: Recommended things should be first. If possible we should deprecate/hide things that aren't recommended. This is one possible approach:

```suggestion
- **Federated identity credentials**: {{domxref("IdentityCredential")}}

  > **Note:** {{domxref("FederatedCredential")}} is still part of the specification but has been superseded by {{domxref("IdentityCredential")}}
```

Does legacy mean deprecated? If so we should say so, and also update https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FederatedCredential which notes that there is a better version.

Author: I think given that our concept of deprecated is a bit squishy, and that people have gone to the trouble of speccing and implementing a replacement, I'd be happy to call this API deprecated.

Reviewer 2: That would be my preference. I'd try push that through BCD.

Author: I didn't like this suggestion because it breaks up the bullet list. I tried putting the note at the end but felt it was too much visibility for such a detail in this very high-level section. In the end I copied the table from the "credential types" page - originally the same list appeared in both pages, before I updated the "credential types" page to use a table in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/33745/commits/13cde577aa3dd3ca5a151a8f53db236c7e5b2d68, in response to https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/33745#discussion_r1620062699.

-> https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/33745/commits/4c42918806aa37a5ba67f3150163e05c1d54ce46

>   - a replacement type ({{domxref("IdentityCredential")}})

Reviewer 2: IdentityCredential Not in list of interfaces

Author: That's because they're defined in different specifications. If we merge the specs they will appear here. (same story as for the sidebar)
